Add a question for language version upgrades. (#2559)
carbon-language/carbon-lang: docs/project/faq.md

-   [Lifetime annotations for C++](https://discourse.llvm.org/t/rfc-lifetime-annotations-for-c/61377)
-   [Carbon principle: Safety strategy](principles/safety_strategy.md)

### How will language version upgrades work?

Carbon will provide tooling to assist upgrades of code in response to language
syntax changes, similar to
[C++ to Carbon migration tooling](#what-would-migrating-c-code-to-carbon-look-like).

> For example, if a new keyword `except` is added in Carbon 1.1, an upgrade tool
> which would accept Carbon 1.0 code and replace `except` identifier uses with
> `r#except` raw identifiers
> ([like Rust provides](https://doc.rust-lang.org/rust-by-example/compatibility/raw_identifiers.html)),
> automatically fixing the conflict.

Reviewer: Sentence seems to be missing a verb.

```suggestion
For example, if a new keyword `except` is added in Carbon 1.1, an upgrade tool
might be provided
that would accept Carbon 1.0 code and replace `except` identifier uses with
`r#except` raw identifiers
([like Rust provides](https://doc.rust-lang.org/rust-by-example/compatibility/raw_identifiers.html)),
automatically fixing the conflict.
```
